Playbooks 7.0 (#5712)
mattermost/docs: source/playbooks/customize-a-run.rst

Customize a run
===============

Some run actions can be edited while the run is in progress. This increases visibility into the run's progress and can improve accountability.

Change broadcast channels
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. In your run, select **Toggle Run Details** to open the right-hand sidebar.
2. Select **Run details**.
3. Next to the **In Progress** indicator, select **Run Actions**.
4. You can delete the current channel or add additional ones. To find channels, start typing the channel name and select it from the list.
    - You can turn off channel broadcast using the togggle.
5. Select **Save**.

Send outgoing webhooks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. In your run, select **Toggle Run Details** to open the right-hand sidebar.
2. Select **Run details**.
3. Next to the **In Progress** indicator, select **Run Actions**.

> 4. Add your webhooks in the field provided.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Add your webhook URLs in the field provided.
```
